#Introduction to Algorithms(CLRS)

#Exercises Chapter 1.1

1.1-1 Give a real-world example that requires sorting or a real-world example that requires computing a convex hull.

Sorting is very widly used in the real-world.  Registration numbers need to be sorted for large events and libraries need to sort publication. While convex hulls are used less frequently but has application in tracking disease epidemic and game theory.

1.1-2 Other than speed, what other measures of efficiency might one use in a real-world setting?

Memory (or space) is another measure of efficiency that is used in a real-world setting.

1.1-3 Select a data structure that you have seen previously, and discuss its strengths and limitations.

In singly linked list, having the ability to have a node with a value and point to the next node, allows a programmer to access information through the node or value while giving context to what is next in the list sequence.  However, since they are only linked once, singly linked list do not give context for what happened previously in the list or to other nodes that it might need to have a relationship with.

1.1-4 How are the shortest-path and traveling-salesman problems given above similar? How are they different?

While the shortest-path and traveling-salesman problems both deal with trying to find the shortest distance from different locations, the shortest-path problem only deals with two points.  By only dealing with two points, the hardness of the problem stays the same and options can be eliminated to find one solution.  The traveling-salesman problem adds points, and as it adds points, it becomes exponentially more difficult.

1.1-5 Come up with a real-world problem in which only the best solution will do.  Then come up with one in which a solution that is "approximately" the best is good enough.

Anything having to do with medical equipment can only have the best solution since people's lives are on the line.  However, the fastest route on Google Maps can be a couple of minutes off in its estimation.  While possibly inconvenient, in most cases 
